Meeting 5th April 2024

Attendees
  Liam Walsh
  John D’Souza
  Mina Mariano
  Sreedevi Nandakumar
  Sonit Singh

Feedback on the project.

Notebook – Just do a brief.

Word Document – More explanation based on the results.

John showed the data to Sonit. Put the reference in the dataset in the Jupyter notebook and in the report.
Does Sonit should be able to run the report? We will have to run all the cells and then add it to the Repository.
High level introduction with section headings and then we need to put in the Jupyter notebook. Then in the report we should have more explanation and the reasoning.

Introduction – Bigger picture (1.5 Pages)
Energy and where is the gap?

Literature Review:
3 or 4 research paper

Literature review: 3-4 pages (High level) – Give some background information and then provide information on different methods that people have utilised 
2-3 papers and with what they have done?

Then go into your focus. 
Explain what Machine Learning is and make a story from what they have done.

Material and Methods (1 Page)
An overview of datasets? What are their sources? And the motivation for selecting the data?

EDA 
What is the most uimportant information you need to include in the report?
Have the plots and describe what you can infer from the plots?

Modelling
What type of model and what are the measures used in th model.
Table 1 shows the results
As you can see from Table1 
We can overlay the values with the predicted values and see how each model is performing.
Where things are going good?

Once you finish the modelling, we can have the discussion.

Discussion

If we have more time what we can improve.
I will give you all the data.

Section heading should be specific.

Feature seelction
Get the weight of independent variable(GDP).
Scikit Learn – Recursive feature elimination (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47688734/recursive-feature-elimination-rfe-sklearn)

Correlation – When we do the correlation we are trying to see if the parameter is related to just Demand.
But when we do the modelling, it will give us the information about how the each parameteris affecting the whole modelling.

First we will doa model with one parameter.
Once you prove it - compare it with other models.

In the report we can make nice table with the RMSE, MAPE, MAD
Adding more variables is contributing to the model?

EDA should be able to describe how it is influencing our model?

Presentation
1)	motivation with one slide.
2)	Significance (1 Slide)
3)	Data sources
4)	We don’t need to explain what a linear model or Random Forrest in the presentation.
5)	A few plots 
6)	Modelling part (Table)
7)	Discussion (1 Slide)
8)	Conclusion(1 Slide)




